Teleportr technical overview
============================

== Rides
A ride is a way to move between two places, it can contain certain characteristics which are used to
- display it to the user
- compare it with other rides
- use it as input for plugins

it contains at least 2 places for origin and destination.
it can contain a type of a ride.

=== Trip
the default is a trip.
a trip is unique. think of a going from origin to destination at a specific time with a vehicle. this can only take once place. 
=== Route
it has a destination and origin, but is not bound to a specific time.
route can contain Waypoints(Places)

=== Superride
a collection of rides.


== Places
A place contains at least a display-name.
it can contain:
 location with longitude, latitude in integerformat
 poi information
 address
 type information
 source information, it can come from different data providers

== Plugins
a plugin is basically used to find rides.
  it can also enrich data for places and rides

its done by implenting

basic methods:
  get (Ride) -> Ride [formally know as find]
  info () -> PluginInfo

carpooling and carsharing plugins
  post (Ride) -> offer Ride 
  put (Ride) -> updates a ride
  delete (Ride)

when contentprovider 


== Disco
this is the basic teleportation action. you can react to it when you catch the intent beam://disco.


== Query multiplexer
this is the component of teleportr which schedules the queries to the several plugins

== plugin registry 
it is a online component to commit new plugins to

== places provider
thats resources to get new places.
the basic method is downloading databases from teleporter.org which contain streetnames or stationnames arround cities.

== hints
 
useful information done by scotty (the teleporter operator)
